We will continue from the previous
video and show you how to do inference.
Given your lambda dictionary
the task is pretty straightforward.
You have done most of the work to
arrive at your log likelihood already.
Now let's wrap up.
Now you can calculate the log likelihood
of the tweet as the sum of the lambdas
from each word in the tweet.
So for word I you add 0,
for am you add 0, for
word, happy you had 2.2,
for words because I and
am you add 0 and for
word learning you add 1.1.
This sum is 3.3 and
this value is higher than 0.
Remember how previously you saw
that the tweet was positive if
the product was bigger than 1
with the log of 1 equal to 0.
The positive values indicate
that the tweet is positive,
a value less than 0 would indicate
that the tweet is negative.
The log likelihood for
the suite is 3.3 and
since 3.3 is bigger than 0,
the tweet is positive.
Notice that this score is based
entirely on the words happy and
learning both of which
carry a positive sentiment.
All the other words were neutral and
didn't contribute to the score.
See how much influence
the power words have.
Let's do a quick recap.
You used your new skills to predict
the sentiment of a tweet by summing all
the lambdas for
each word that appeared in the tweet.
This score is called the log
likelihood for the log likelihood,
the decision threshold
is zero instead of one.
Positive tweets will have a positive
log likelihood above 0, and
negative tweets will have a negative
log likelihood below 0, well done.
Congratulations now that you have a good
understanding of how to compute the log
likelihood and how to do inference,
I will proceed to show you how
to train a naive based model.